The background function builds a database of k-mers from
    a list or a CSV file of background sequences. This database
    is then specified during primer design, to generate primers
    which are non-repetitive to background thus minimizing any
    off-target amplification. Non-repetitiveness is controlled
    via the maximum shared repeat length (maxreplen) parameter.
    Generated database is stored in <outdir>.

    :: indata
       type - iterable / string / pd.DataFrame
       desc - iterable of DNA strings against which designed
              primers are ensured to be non-repetitive;
              optionally, this can be a path to a CSV file
              containing uniquely identified background
              sequences or an equivalent pandas DataFrame
    :: maxreplen
       type - integer
       desc - maximum shared repeat length between the primers
              and the background sequences, must be between
              6 to 20
    :: outdir
       type - string
       desc - path to store the generated background k-mer
              database
    :: verbose
       type - boolean
       desc - if True will log updates to stdout
              (default=True)

    Output: A directory <outdir> with '.oligoool.background'
            suffix.

    Note 1. If <indata> points to a CSV file or a DataFrame,it
            must contain a column named 'ID', that uniquely
            identifies each background sequence, listed in a
            'Sequence' column. Values in <indata> except 'ID'
            must be DNA strings. All rows and columns in the
            <indata> must be non-empty, i.e. none of the cells
            must be empty.

    Note 2. The <maxreplen> parameter here controls the level
            of non-repetitiveness in designed primers with
            respect to a background sequences such as a genome
            or a plasmid, and as such is independent of the
            <maxreplen> used in primer design which controls
            the non-repetitiveness of the primers against the
            core oligopool variants.